Doc: layer2 account (#688)
nervosnetwork/godwoken: docs/quick-start.md

# Quick Start

> Before continue, please check the [kicker](https://github.com/RetricSu/godwoken-kicker) project, which is a recommended tool to fast start a development environment. If you still want to mannually deploy a environment please continue to read this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before continue, please check the [kicker](https://github.com/RetricSu/godwoken-kicker) project, which is a recommended tool to fast start a development environment. If you still want to manually deploy an environment please continue to read this document.
```
